Update Continuous Profiler source code instructions (#31721)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Continuous Profiler" %}}

> You can see inline code snippets directly in [Continuous Profiler][1] flame graphs.

Reviewer: And call graphs, as you know, but seeing that's only preview (60%) I guess we have to omit mention of it for now.

Separately, I imagine doc team will have a preference for whether we call these "code snippets" or "source code preview". FWIW, in our own UI, we say:

> No source code preview available for this method.

Author: > And call graphs, as you know, but seeing that's only preview (60%) I guess we have to omit mention of it for now.

Yes, we should add an entry for this when we go GA.

> Separately, I imagine doc team will have a preference for whether we call these "code snippets" or "source code preview". FWIW, in our own UI, we say:

I don't have a strong opinion on this one, I reused the wording of step 4 of the previous copy, but happy to change it if others feel more strongly. :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see source code previews directly in [Continuous Profiler][1] flame graphs.
```
Agreed on the terminology point. Best practice is to always match what appears in the UI.

Re: Preview features: 
> And call graphs, as you know, but seeing that's only preview (60%) I guess we have to omit mention of it for now.

> Yes, we should add an entry for this when we go GA.

Makes sense to me!

> 1. Navigate to [**APM** > **Profile Explorer**][2].

Reviewer: Should it be "Profiles" instead of "Profile"? (in our nav, we use the plural).

> 1. Navigate to [**APM** > **Profiles Explorer**][2].

Author: Yes indeed. In some cases, the context will be carried over from a service filter in another product, but in other cases it won't, so probably a good idea to ask users to select a service.

> 2. Hover your cursor over a method in the flame graph.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Hover your cursor over a method in the flame graph.
```

> 3. Press `Opt` in macOS or `Ctrl` in other operating systems to lock the tooltip and interact with its content.
> 3. If prompted to do so, click **Connect to preview**. 
> 4. Click on the file link to open the repository and view the full source code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Press `Opt` (on macOS) or `Ctrl` (on other operating systems) to lock the tooltip so you can interact with its contents.
5. If prompted, click **Connect to preview**. The first time you do this for a repository, you will be redirected to GitHub to **Authorize** the Datadog application.
6. After authorizing, the source code preview appears in the tooltip.
7. Click the file link in the tooltip to open the full source code file in your repository.
```
Filling in a couple in between steps.

Author: Looks good, thanks!

4. If you're using the GitHub or GitLab integrations, click **Connect to preview** to see inline code snippets directly in the flame graph.
3. Press `Opt` in macOS or `Ctrl` in other operating systems to lock the tooltip and interact with its content.
3. If prompted to do so, click **Connect to preview**. 
4. Click on the file link to open the repository and view the full source code.

{{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/profiler-source-code-preview.png" alt="Source code preview in the Continuous Profiler" style="width:100%;">}}

You can also see links from profile frames to their source repository. This is supported for profiles broken down by line, method, or file.

1. Navigate to [**APM** > **Profile Search**][2].
2. Hover your cursor over a method in the flame graph. A kebab icon with the **More actions** label appears on the right.
3. Click **More actions** > **View in repo** to open the trace in its source code repository.

> {{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/profiler-link-to-git.png" alt="Link to GitHub from the Continuous Profiler" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: Sounds fair!
